ordered_dict successfully loaded
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_33_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_34_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_35_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_36_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_37_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 38 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_39_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_40_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_41_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_42_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_43_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_44_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_45_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_46_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_47_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_48_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_49_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_50_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_51_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_52_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_53_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_54_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_55_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_56_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_57_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_58_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_59_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_60_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_61_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_62_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_63_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 64 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (204).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_65_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_66_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 67 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (272).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_68_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_69_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_70_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_71_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_72_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_73_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_74_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_75_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_76_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_77_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_78_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_79_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_80_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_81_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_82_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_83_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_84_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_85_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_86_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_87_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_88_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_89_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_90_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_91_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_92_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_93_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_94_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_95_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_96_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_97_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_98_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_99_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_100_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_101_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_102_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_103_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_104_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_105_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_106_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_107_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_108_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_109_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_110_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_111_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_112_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_113_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_114_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_115_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_116_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_117_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_118_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_119_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_120_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 121 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_122_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_123_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_124_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_125_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_126_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_127_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_128_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_129_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_130_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_131_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_132_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 133 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_134_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 135 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_136_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_137_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_138_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_139_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_140_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_141_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_142_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_143_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_144_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_145_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_146_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_147_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_148_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_149_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_150_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_151_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_152_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_153_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_154_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_155_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_156_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_157_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_158_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_159_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_160_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_161_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_162_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_163_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_164_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_165_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_166_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_167_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_168_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_169_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_170_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_171_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_172_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_173_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_174_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_175_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_176_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_177_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_178_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_179_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_180_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_181_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_182_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_183_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_184_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_185_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_186_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 187 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_188_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_189_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_190_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_191_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_192_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_193_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_194_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_195_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_196_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 197 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
SKIP: tabulator ID 198 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_199_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_200_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_201_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_202_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_203_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_204_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_205_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_206_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_207_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_208_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_209_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_210_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_211_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_212_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_213_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_214_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_215_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_216_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_217_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_218_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_219_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_220_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_221_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_222_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_223_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_224_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 225 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
SKIP: tabulator ID 226 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_227_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_228_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_229_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_230_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_231_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_232_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_233_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_234_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_235_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_236_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_237_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_238_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_239_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_240_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_241_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_242_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_243_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_244_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_245_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_246_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_247_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 248 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (153).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_249_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_250_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_251_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_252_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_253_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_254_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_255_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_256_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_257_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_258_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_259_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_260_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_261_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_262_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_263_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_264_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_265_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_266_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_267_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_268_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_269_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_270_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_271_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_272_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_273_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_274_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_275_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_276_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_277_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_278_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_279_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_280_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_281_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_282_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_283_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_284_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_285_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_286_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_287_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_288_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_289_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_290_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_291_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_292_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_293_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_294_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_295_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_296_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_297_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_298_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_299_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_300_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_301_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_302_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_303_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_304_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_305_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_306_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_307_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_308_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_309_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_310_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_311_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_312_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_313_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_314_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_315_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_316_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_317_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_318_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_319_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_320_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_321_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_322_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_323_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_324_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_325_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_326_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_327_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_328_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_329_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_330_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_331_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_332_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_333_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_334_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_335_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_336_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_337_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_338_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_339_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_340_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_341_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_342_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_343_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_344_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_345_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_346_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_347_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_348_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_349_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_350_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_351_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_352_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_353_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_354_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_355_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_356_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_357_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_358_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_359_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_360_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_361_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_362_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_363_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_364_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_365_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_366_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_367_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_368_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_369_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_370_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_371_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_372_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_373_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_374_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_375_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_376_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_377_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_378_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_379_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_380_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_381_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_382_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_383_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_384_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_385_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_386_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_387_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_388_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_389_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_390_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_391_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_392_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_393_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_394_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_395_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_396_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_397_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_398_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_399_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 400 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
Number of votes in tabulator 401 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (108).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_402_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_403_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_404_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_405_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_406_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_407_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_408_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_409_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_410_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_411_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_412_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_413_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_414_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_415_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_416_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_417_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_418_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_419_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_420_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_421_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_422_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_423_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_424_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_425_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_426_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_427_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_428_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_429_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_430_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_431_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_432_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_433_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_434_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_435_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_436_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_437_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_438_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_439_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_440_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_441_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_442_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_443_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_444_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_445_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_446_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_447_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_448_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_449_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_450_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_451_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_452_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_453_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_454_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_455_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_456_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_457_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_458_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_459_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_460_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_461_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_462_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_463_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_464_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_465_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_466_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_467_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_468_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_469_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_470_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_471_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_472_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_473_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_474_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_475_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_476_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 477 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_478_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_479_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_480_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_481_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_482_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_483_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_484_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_485_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_486_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_487_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_488_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_489_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_490_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_491_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_492_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_493_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_494_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_495_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_496_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_497_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_498_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 499 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_500_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_501_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_502_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_503_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_504_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_505_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_506_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_507_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_508_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_509_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_510_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_511_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_512_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_513_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_514_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_515_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_516_slog.txt
SKIP: log file not found: machinecontext_1_517_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_518_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_519_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_520_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_521_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_522_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_523_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_524_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_525_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_526_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_527_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_528_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_529_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_530_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_531_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_532_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_533_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_534_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_535_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_536_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_537_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_538_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_539_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_540_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_541_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_542_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_543_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_544_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 545 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (300).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_546_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_547_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_548_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_549_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_550_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_551_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_552_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_553_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_554_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_555_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_556_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_557_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_558_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_559_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_560_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_561_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_562_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_563_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_564_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_565_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_566_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_567_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_568_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_569_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_570_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_571_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_572_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_573_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_574_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_575_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_576_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_577_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_578_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_579_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_580_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_581_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 582 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_583_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_584_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_585_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_586_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_587_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_588_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_589_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_590_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_591_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_592_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 593 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_594_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_595_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 596 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (424).
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_597_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_598_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_599_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_600_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_601_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_602_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_603_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_604_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_605_slog.txt
Number of votes in tabulator 606 logs (0) does not match up with amount from DVSorder (232).
SKIP: tabulator ID 607 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_608_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_609_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_610_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_611_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_612_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_613_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_614_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_615_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 616 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_617_slog.txt
SKIP: tabulator ID 618 not found in in DVSorder unscramble
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_619_slog.txt
successfully parsed machinecontext_1_620_slog.txt
time_dictionary successfully created
Skipping tabulator id 64
Skipping tabulator id 67
Skipping tabulator id 114
Skipping tabulator id 120
Skipping tabulator id 227
Skipping tabulator id 238
Skipping tabulator id 248
Skipping tabulator id 250
Skipping tabulator id 319
Skipping tabulator id 328
Skipping tabulator id 395
Skipping tabulator id 401
Skipping tabulator id 517
Skipping tabulator id 545
Skipping tabulator id 596
Skipping tabulator id 606
Final json successfully created
